c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\resume-testing-api.dll.config
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\resume-testing-api.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\resume-testing-api.pdb
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\obj\Debug\resume-testing-api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\obj\Debug\resume-testing-api.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\obj\Debug\resume-testing-api.pdb
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.DotNet.InternalAbstractions.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\steve.grant\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.xml
C:\Users\steve.grant\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\resume-testing-api.XML
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\resume-testing-api.XML
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\obj\Debug\resume-testing-api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\obj\Debug\resume-testing-api.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\obj\Debug\resume-testing-api.pdb
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\resume-testing-api.dll.config
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\resume-testing-api.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\resume-testing-api.pdb
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.DotNet.InternalAbstractions.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Abstractions.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Core.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Json.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.Abstractions.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.WebUtilities.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.PlatformAbstractions.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Microsoft.Net.Http.Headers.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Repo\angular-resume-testing-api\resume-testing-api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
